Added Style Guide and Document Format please try adhere to these (#14)
Lordjiggyx/SQA: ProjectPlan.md

4. Pull requests will ve mad in order to review team members commits
5. After rewview if no issues are present then pull request will be merged onto the develop branch
6. Overall review will take place when document is complete.

## Documents Format
* Each file will have a definition of its corresponding topic

> * Each file will highlight best practices and possible benefits, of following these practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each topic will have a definition
* Each topic will highlight best practices and possible benefits, of following these practices
```
I suggest using "topic" instead of "file", as a topic folder can contain multiple files

* Corresponding mistakes or bad practices for each topic will be in a separate file accessed by a quick link
* Images can be used but not necessary if so an Images folder containing the images used in each topic file should be committed and pushed.
 
 
## Style Guide
* H1 for page title
* H2 for sub-titles "Best Practices / Bad Practices / Benefits / References"
* H3 for question before definition e.g "What are Coding Standards"
* Bullet points should not be numbered
* Bullet points should not have any heading just bolded followed by text

> * "Home Page" Quick link should be in every file

Reviewer: Would be nice to include the file name that represents the home page

Author: I'll make that change
